place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 0, success 0, toal 1 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 2 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 2, success 0, toal 3 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 3, success 0, toal 4 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 4, success 0, toal 5 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 4, success 0, toal 6 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 4, success 0, toal 7 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 5, success 0, toal 8 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 6, success 0, toal 9 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 7, success 0, toal 10 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 7, success 0, toal 11 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 8, success 0, toal 12 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 8, success 0, toal 13 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 8, success 0, toal 14 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 8, success 0, toal 15 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 9, success 0, toal 16 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 9, success 0, toal 17 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 9, success 0, toal 18 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 10, success 0, toal 19 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 10, success 0, toal 20 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 10, success 0, toal 21 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 11, success 1, toal 22 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 11, success 1, toal 23 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 11, success 1, toal 24 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 12, success 2, toal 25 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 12, success 2, toal 26 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 12, success 2, toal 27 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 13, success 2, toal 28 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 14, success 3, toal 29 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 14, success 3, toal 30 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 14, success 3, toal 31 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 14, success 3, toal 32 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 14, success 3, toal 33 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 15, success 3, toal 34 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 15, success 3, toal 35 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 15, success 3, toal 36 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 16, success 3, toal 37 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 17, success 3, toal 38 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 17, success 3, toal 39 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 17, success 3, toal 40 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 17, success 3, toal 41 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 18, success 3, toal 42 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 18, success 3, toal 43 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 18, success 3, toal 44 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 18, success 3, toal 45 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 18, success 3, toal 46 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 18, success 3, toal 47 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 18, success 3, toal 48 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 18, success 3, toal 49 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 18, success 3, toal 50 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 18, success 3, toal 51 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 19, success 3, toal 52 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 20, success 3, toal 53 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 21, success 4, toal 54 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 21, success 4, toal 55 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 22, success 4, toal 56 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 22, success 4, toal 57 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 22, success 4, toal 58 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 23, success 4, toal 59 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 24, success 4, toal 60 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 25, success 4, toal 61 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 26, success 4, toal 62 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 26, success 4, toal 63 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 26, success 4, toal 64 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 26, success 4, toal 65 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 26, success 4, toal 66 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 26, success 4, toal 67 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 27, success 4, toal 68 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 28, success 5, toal 69 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 28, success 5, toal 70 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 29, success 5, toal 71 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 29, success 5, toal 72 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 29, success 5, toal 73 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 29, success 5, toal 74 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 29, success 5, toal 75 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 30, success 6, toal 76 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 30, success 6, toal 77 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 30, success 6, toal 78 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 30, success 6, toal 79 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 30, success 6, toal 80 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 30, success 6, toal 81 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 31, success 6, toal 82 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 31, success 6, toal 83 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 31, success 6, toal 84 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 32, success 6, toal 85 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 33, success 6, toal 86 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 33, success 6, toal 87 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 33, success 6, toal 88 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 33, success 6, toal 89 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 33, success 6, toal 90 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 33, success 6, toal 91 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 33, success 6, toal 92 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 33, success 6, toal 93 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 33, success 6, toal 94 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 33, success 6, toal 95 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 33, success 6, toal 96 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 34, success 6, toal 97 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 34, success 6, toal 98 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 35, success 6, toal 99 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_color:grasp success: 35, success 6, toal 100 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 1 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 2 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 2, success 0, toal 3 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 3, success 0, toal 4 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 3, success 0, toal 5 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 3, success 0, toal 6 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 4, success 0, toal 7 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 4, success 0, toal 8 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 4, success 0, toal 9 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 4, success 0, toal 10 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 5, success 0, toal 11 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 5, success 0, toal 12 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 6, success 0, toal 13 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 6, success 0, toal 14 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 7, success 0, toal 15 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 8, success 0, toal 16 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 8, success 0, toal 17 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 9, success 0, toal 18 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 10, success 0, toal 19 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 11, success 0, toal 20 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 11, success 0, toal 21 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 11, success 0, toal 22 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 11, success 0, toal 23 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 12, success 0, toal 24 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 13, success 0, toal 25 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 13, success 0, toal 26 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 14, success 0, toal 27 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 15, success 0, toal 28 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 15, success 0, toal 29 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 15, success 0, toal 30 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 15, success 0, toal 31 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 15, success 0, toal 32 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 16, success 0, toal 33 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 16, success 0, toal 34 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 16, success 0, toal 35 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 17, success 0, toal 36 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 17, success 0, toal 37 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 17, success 0, toal 38 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 17, success 0, toal 39 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 17, success 0, toal 40 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 17, success 0, toal 41 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 17, success 0, toal 42 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 17, success 0, toal 43 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 17, success 0, toal 44 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 17, success 0, toal 45 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 18, success 0, toal 46 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 19, success 0, toal 47 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 20, success 0, toal 48 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 21, success 0, toal 49 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 22, success 0, toal 50 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 22, success 0, toal 51 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 22, success 0, toal 52 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 22, success 0, toal 53 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 22, success 0, toal 54 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 22, success 0, toal 55 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 22, success 0, toal 56 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 22, success 0, toal 57 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 22, success 0, toal 58 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 22, success 0, toal 59 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 22, success 0, toal 60 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 22, success 0, toal 61 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 23, success 1, toal 62 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 23, success 1, toal 63 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 23, success 1, toal 64 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 23, success 1, toal 65 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 23, success 1, toal 66 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 24, success 1, toal 67 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 24, success 1, toal 68 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 25, success 1, toal 69 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 25, success 1, toal 70 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 25, success 1, toal 71 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 25, success 1, toal 72 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 25, success 1, toal 73 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 25, success 1, toal 74 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 25, success 1, toal 75 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 26, success 1, toal 76 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 26, success 1, toal 77 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 27, success 1, toal 78 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 27, success 1, toal 79 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 28, success 1, toal 80 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 28, success 1, toal 81 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 29, success 1, toal 82 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 30, success 1, toal 83 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 30, success 1, toal 84 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 31, success 1, toal 85 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 31, success 1, toal 86 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 31, success 1, toal 87 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 32, success 1, toal 88 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 33, success 1, toal 89 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 34, success 1, toal 90 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 34, success 1, toal 91 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 35, success 2, toal 92 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 35, success 2, toal 93 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 36, success 2, toal 94 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 37, success 2, toal 95 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 37, success 2, toal 96 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 38, success 3, toal 97 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 39, success 4, toal 98 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 40, success 4, toal 99 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_relative:grasp success: 41, success 4, toal 100 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 1 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 2, success 0, toal 2 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 2, success 0, toal 3 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 3, success 0, toal 4 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 3, success 0, toal 5 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 3, success 0, toal 6 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 4, success 0, toal 7 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 4, success 0, toal 8 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 5, success 0, toal 9 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 5, success 0, toal 10 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 5, success 0, toal 11 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 6, success 0, toal 12 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 7, success 0, toal 13 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 8, success 0, toal 14 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 9, success 0, toal 15 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 10, success 0, toal 16 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 10, success 0, toal 17 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 11, success 0, toal 18 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 11, success 0, toal 19 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 12, success 0, toal 20 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 12, success 0, toal 21 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 12, success 0, toal 22 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 13, success 0, toal 23 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 13, success 0, toal 24 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 13, success 0, toal 25 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 13, success 0, toal 26 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 14, success 0, toal 27 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 15, success 0, toal 28 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 15, success 0, toal 29 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 15, success 0, toal 30 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 15, success 0, toal 31 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 15, success 0, toal 32 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 15, success 0, toal 33 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 15, success 0, toal 34 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 15, success 0, toal 35 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 16, success 0, toal 36 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 17, success 0, toal 37 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 17, success 0, toal 38 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 18, success 0, toal 39 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 19, success 0, toal 40 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 19, success 0, toal 41 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 19, success 0, toal 42 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 20, success 0, toal 43 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 20, success 0, toal 44 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 20, success 0, toal 45 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 20, success 0, toal 46 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 20, success 0, toal 47 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 20, success 0, toal 48 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 21, success 0, toal 49 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 22, success 0, toal 50 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 22, success 0, toal 51 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 22, success 0, toal 52 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 22, success 0, toal 53 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 23, success 0, toal 54 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 24, success 0, toal 55 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 24, success 0, toal 56 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 25, success 0, toal 57 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 25, success 0, toal 58 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 26, success 0, toal 59 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 26, success 0, toal 60 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 26, success 0, toal 61 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 27, success 0, toal 62 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 28, success 0, toal 63 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 29, success 0, toal 64 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 29, success 0, toal 65 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 29, success 0, toal 66 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 29, success 0, toal 67 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 29, success 0, toal 68 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 29, success 0, toal 69 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 30, success 0, toal 70 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 30, success 0, toal 71 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 30, success 0, toal 72 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 30, success 0, toal 73 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 30, success 0, toal 74 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 31, success 0, toal 75 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 31, success 0, toal 76 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 31, success 0, toal 77 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 31, success 0, toal 78 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 31, success 0, toal 79 steps
place_into_shape_sorter_shape:grasp success: 32, success 0, toal 80 steps
