pour_demo_color:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 1 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 2, success 1, toal 2 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 3, success 1, toal 3 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 4, success 1, toal 4 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 5, success 1, toal 5 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 6, success 1, toal 6 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 7, success 2, toal 7 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 8, success 2, toal 8 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 9, success 2, toal 9 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 10, success 3, toal 10 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 11, success 4, toal 11 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 12, success 4, toal 12 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 13, success 5, toal 13 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 14, success 5, toal 14 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 15, success 5, toal 15 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 16, success 5, toal 16 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 17, success 5, toal 17 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 18, success 6, toal 18 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 19, success 7, toal 19 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 20, success 7, toal 20 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 21, success 7, toal 21 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 22, success 7, toal 22 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 23, success 7, toal 23 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 24, success 7, toal 24 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 25, success 7, toal 25 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 26, success 7, toal 26 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 27, success 7, toal 27 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 28, success 7, toal 28 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 29, success 7, toal 29 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 30, success 8, toal 30 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 31, success 8, toal 31 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 32, success 8, toal 32 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 33, success 8, toal 33 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 34, success 8, toal 34 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 35, success 9, toal 35 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 36, success 9, toal 36 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 37, success 10, toal 37 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 38, success 10, toal 38 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 39, success 10, toal 39 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 40, success 10, toal 40 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 41, success 10, toal 41 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 42, success 10, toal 42 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 43, success 10, toal 43 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 44, success 10, toal 44 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 45, success 10, toal 45 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 46, success 10, toal 46 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 47, success 10, toal 47 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 48, success 10, toal 48 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 49, success 10, toal 49 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 50, success 11, toal 50 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 51, success 11, toal 51 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 52, success 11, toal 52 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 53, success 11, toal 53 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 54, success 11, toal 54 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 55, success 11, toal 55 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 55, success 11, toal 56 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 56, success 12, toal 57 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 57, success 12, toal 58 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 58, success 12, toal 59 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 59, success 12, toal 60 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 60, success 12, toal 61 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 61, success 12, toal 62 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 62, success 12, toal 63 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 63, success 12, toal 64 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 64, success 13, toal 65 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 65, success 13, toal 66 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 66, success 13, toal 67 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 67, success 14, toal 68 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 68, success 14, toal 69 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 69, success 14, toal 70 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 70, success 14, toal 71 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 71, success 14, toal 72 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 72, success 14, toal 73 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 73, success 14, toal 74 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 74, success 14, toal 75 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 75, success 14, toal 76 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 76, success 15, toal 77 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 77, success 15, toal 78 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 78, success 15, toal 79 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 79, success 15, toal 80 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 80, success 15, toal 81 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 81, success 15, toal 82 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 82, success 15, toal 83 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 83, success 15, toal 84 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 84, success 15, toal 85 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 85, success 15, toal 86 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 86, success 15, toal 87 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 87, success 15, toal 88 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 88, success 15, toal 89 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 89, success 16, toal 90 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 90, success 16, toal 91 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 91, success 16, toal 92 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 92, success 16, toal 93 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 93, success 16, toal 94 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 94, success 16, toal 95 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 95, success 16, toal 96 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 96, success 16, toal 97 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 97, success 16, toal 98 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 98, success 16, toal 99 steps
pour_demo_color:grasp success: 99, success 16, toal 100 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 1 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 2, success 1, toal 2 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 3, success 1, toal 3 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 4, success 1, toal 4 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 5, success 1, toal 5 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 6, success 1, toal 6 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 7, success 1, toal 7 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 8, success 1, toal 8 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 9, success 2, toal 9 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 10, success 3, toal 10 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 11, success 3, toal 11 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 12, success 3, toal 12 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 13, success 3, toal 13 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 13, success 3, toal 14 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 14, success 3, toal 15 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 15, success 3, toal 16 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 16, success 3, toal 17 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 17, success 3, toal 18 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 18, success 4, toal 19 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 19, success 5, toal 20 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 20, success 6, toal 21 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 21, success 6, toal 22 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 22, success 6, toal 23 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 23, success 6, toal 24 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 24, success 6, toal 25 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 25, success 6, toal 26 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 26, success 6, toal 27 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 27, success 6, toal 28 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 28, success 7, toal 29 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 29, success 7, toal 30 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 30, success 8, toal 31 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 31, success 8, toal 32 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 32, success 9, toal 33 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 33, success 10, toal 34 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 34, success 11, toal 35 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 35, success 11, toal 36 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 36, success 11, toal 37 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 37, success 11, toal 38 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 38, success 11, toal 39 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 39, success 11, toal 40 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 40, success 12, toal 41 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 41, success 12, toal 42 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 42, success 13, toal 43 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 43, success 13, toal 44 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 44, success 13, toal 45 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 45, success 13, toal 46 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 46, success 13, toal 47 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 47, success 13, toal 48 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 48, success 13, toal 49 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 49, success 13, toal 50 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 50, success 14, toal 51 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 51, success 14, toal 52 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 52, success 14, toal 53 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 53, success 14, toal 54 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 54, success 14, toal 55 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 54, success 14, toal 56 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 55, success 14, toal 57 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 56, success 15, toal 58 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 57, success 15, toal 59 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 58, success 16, toal 60 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 59, success 16, toal 61 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 60, success 16, toal 62 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 61, success 16, toal 63 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 62, success 16, toal 64 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 63, success 17, toal 65 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 64, success 17, toal 66 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 65, success 17, toal 67 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 66, success 17, toal 68 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 67, success 17, toal 69 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 68, success 17, toal 70 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 69, success 17, toal 71 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 70, success 17, toal 72 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 71, success 17, toal 73 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 72, success 17, toal 74 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 73, success 17, toal 75 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 74, success 18, toal 76 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 75, success 19, toal 77 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 76, success 19, toal 78 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 77, success 19, toal 79 steps
pour_demo_relative:grasp success: 78, success 19, toal 80 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 1 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 2 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 2, success 0, toal 3 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 3, success 0, toal 4 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 4, success 0, toal 5 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 5, success 0, toal 6 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 6, success 0, toal 7 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 7, success 0, toal 8 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 8, success 0, toal 9 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 9, success 0, toal 10 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 10, success 0, toal 11 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 11, success 0, toal 12 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 12, success 0, toal 13 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 13, success 0, toal 14 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 14, success 0, toal 15 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 15, success 0, toal 16 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 16, success 0, toal 17 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 17, success 0, toal 18 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 18, success 0, toal 19 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 19, success 0, toal 20 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 20, success 0, toal 21 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 21, success 0, toal 22 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 22, success 0, toal 23 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 23, success 0, toal 24 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 24, success 0, toal 25 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 25, success 0, toal 26 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 26, success 0, toal 27 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 27, success 0, toal 28 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 28, success 1, toal 29 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 29, success 2, toal 30 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 30, success 2, toal 31 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 31, success 2, toal 32 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 32, success 2, toal 33 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 33, success 2, toal 34 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 34, success 2, toal 35 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 35, success 2, toal 36 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 36, success 2, toal 37 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 37, success 2, toal 38 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 38, success 2, toal 39 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 39, success 2, toal 40 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 40, success 2, toal 41 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 41, success 3, toal 42 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 42, success 4, toal 43 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 43, success 4, toal 44 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 44, success 4, toal 45 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 45, success 4, toal 46 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 46, success 4, toal 47 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 47, success 4, toal 48 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 48, success 4, toal 49 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 49, success 4, toal 50 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 50, success 4, toal 51 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 51, success 4, toal 52 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 52, success 4, toal 53 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 53, success 4, toal 54 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 53, success 4, toal 55 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 54, success 4, toal 56 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 55, success 4, toal 57 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 55, success 4, toal 58 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 56, success 4, toal 59 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 57, success 4, toal 60 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 58, success 4, toal 61 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 59, success 4, toal 62 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 60, success 4, toal 63 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 61, success 4, toal 64 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 62, success 4, toal 65 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 63, success 4, toal 66 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 64, success 4, toal 67 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 65, success 4, toal 68 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 66, success 4, toal 69 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 67, success 4, toal 70 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 68, success 4, toal 71 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 69, success 4, toal 72 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 70, success 4, toal 73 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 71, success 4, toal 74 steps
pour_demo_size:grasp success: 72, success 5, toal 75 steps
