stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 1 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 2 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 3 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 2, success 0, toal 4 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 2, success 0, toal 5 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 2, success 0, toal 6 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 3, success 0, toal 7 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 4, success 1, toal 8 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 4, success 1, toal 9 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 4, success 1, toal 10 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 4, success 1, toal 11 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 4, success 1, toal 12 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 4, success 1, toal 13 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 5, success 1, toal 14 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 5, success 1, toal 15 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 5, success 1, toal 16 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 5, success 1, toal 17 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 5, success 1, toal 18 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 6, success 2, toal 19 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 6, success 2, toal 20 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 6, success 2, toal 21 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 7, success 3, toal 22 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 8, success 4, toal 23 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 9, success 5, toal 24 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 10, success 6, toal 25 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 10, success 6, toal 26 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 11, success 6, toal 27 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 11, success 6, toal 28 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 11, success 6, toal 29 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 11, success 6, toal 30 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 12, success 6, toal 31 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 13, success 6, toal 32 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 14, success 6, toal 33 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 14, success 6, toal 34 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 14, success 6, toal 35 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 15, success 6, toal 36 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 16, success 6, toal 37 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 17, success 6, toal 38 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 17, success 6, toal 39 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 18, success 6, toal 40 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 19, success 6, toal 41 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 19, success 6, toal 42 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 20, success 6, toal 43 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 20, success 6, toal 44 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 21, success 6, toal 45 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 21, success 6, toal 46 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 21, success 6, toal 47 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 22, success 6, toal 48 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 22, success 6, toal 49 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 22, success 6, toal 50 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 23, success 6, toal 51 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 24, success 6, toal 52 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 24, success 6, toal 53 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 25, success 6, toal 54 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 26, success 6, toal 55 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 27, success 6, toal 56 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 28, success 7, toal 57 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 29, success 7, toal 58 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 29, success 7, toal 59 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 30, success 7, toal 60 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 30, success 7, toal 61 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 30, success 7, toal 62 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 30, success 7, toal 63 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 30, success 7, toal 64 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 31, success 7, toal 65 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 31, success 7, toal 66 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 32, success 7, toal 67 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 33, success 7, toal 68 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 33, success 7, toal 69 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 33, success 7, toal 70 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 34, success 7, toal 71 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 35, success 7, toal 72 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 35, success 7, toal 73 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 35, success 7, toal 74 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 35, success 7, toal 75 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 36, success 7, toal 76 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 37, success 8, toal 77 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 37, success 8, toal 78 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 37, success 8, toal 79 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 38, success 8, toal 80 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 39, success 8, toal 81 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 40, success 8, toal 82 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 40, success 8, toal 83 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 40, success 8, toal 84 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 40, success 8, toal 85 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 40, success 8, toal 86 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 40, success 8, toal 87 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 41, success 8, toal 88 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 41, success 8, toal 89 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 41, success 8, toal 90 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 41, success 8, toal 91 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 41, success 8, toal 92 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 41, success 8, toal 93 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 41, success 8, toal 94 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 41, success 8, toal 95 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 42, success 9, toal 96 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 43, success 9, toal 97 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 43, success 9, toal 98 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 43, success 9, toal 99 steps
stack_cubes_color:grasp success: 44, success 10, toal 100 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 0, success 0, toal 1 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 0, success 0, toal 2 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 0, success 0, toal 3 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 4 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 5 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 2, success 1, toal 6 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 3, success 1, toal 7 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 3, success 1, toal 8 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 3, success 1, toal 9 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 3, success 1, toal 10 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 4, success 1, toal 11 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 4, success 1, toal 12 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 5, success 1, toal 13 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 6, success 2, toal 14 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 6, success 2, toal 15 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 6, success 2, toal 16 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 6, success 2, toal 17 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 7, success 2, toal 18 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 8, success 3, toal 19 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 9, success 3, toal 20 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 9, success 3, toal 21 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 10, success 3, toal 22 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 11, success 4, toal 23 steps
stack_cubes_relative:grasp success: 11, success 4, toal 24 steps
