open_drawer:grasp success: 0, success 0, toal 1 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 0, success 0, toal 2 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 0, success 0, toal 3 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 0, success 0, toal 4 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 5 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 6 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 7 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 8 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 9 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 10 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 11 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 12 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 13 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 14 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 15 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 16 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 1, success 0, toal 17 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 2, success 0, toal 18 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 2, success 0, toal 19 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 2, success 0, toal 20 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 2, success 0, toal 21 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 2, success 0, toal 22 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 2, success 0, toal 23 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 2, success 0, toal 24 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 2, success 0, toal 25 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 2, success 0, toal 26 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 3, success 0, toal 27 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 3, success 1, toal 28 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 3, success 2, toal 29 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 3, success 3, toal 30 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 3, success 3, toal 31 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 3, success 3, toal 32 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 3, success 4, toal 33 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 3, success 4, toal 34 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 3, success 4, toal 35 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 3, success 4, toal 36 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 3, success 4, toal 37 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 3, success 4, toal 38 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 4, success 4, toal 39 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 4, success 4, toal 40 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 4, success 4, toal 41 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 5, success 4, toal 42 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 5, success 4, toal 43 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 5, success 4, toal 44 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 5, success 4, toal 45 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 5, success 5, toal 46 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 6, success 6, toal 47 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 7, success 6, toal 48 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 8, success 7, toal 49 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 9, success 8, toal 50 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 9, success 8, toal 51 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 10, success 8, toal 52 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 10, success 8, toal 53 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 10, success 8, toal 54 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 10, success 8, toal 55 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 10, success 8, toal 56 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 10, success 8, toal 57 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 11, success 8, toal 58 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 11, success 8, toal 59 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 11, success 8, toal 60 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 11, success 8, toal 61 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 11, success 8, toal 62 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 11, success 8, toal 63 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 11, success 8, toal 64 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 11, success 8, toal 65 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 12, success 9, toal 66 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 12, success 9, toal 67 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 12, success 9, toal 68 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 12, success 9, toal 69 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 13, success 9, toal 70 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 13, success 9, toal 71 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 13, success 9, toal 72 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 13, success 9, toal 73 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 13, success 9, toal 74 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 13, success 9, toal 75 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 13, success 9, toal 76 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 14, success 9, toal 77 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 14, success 9, toal 78 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 14, success 9, toal 79 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 15, success 9, toal 80 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 15, success 10, toal 81 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 15, success 11, toal 82 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 15, success 11, toal 83 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 15, success 11, toal 84 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 15, success 12, toal 85 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 15, success 12, toal 86 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 15, success 12, toal 87 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 15, success 12, toal 88 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 15, success 12, toal 89 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 15, success 12, toal 90 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 15, success 12, toal 91 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 15, success 12, toal 92 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 15, success 12, toal 93 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 15, success 12, toal 94 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 15, success 12, toal 95 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 15, success 12, toal 96 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 15, success 12, toal 97 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 16, success 12, toal 98 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 16, success 12, toal 99 steps
open_drawer:grasp success: 16, success 12, toal 100 steps
